Changelog: MultiQC 1.27 (#399)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/multiqc/v1.27.mdx

---
title: MultiQC v1.27
date: 2025-01-22
tags: [multiqc]
---

{/* truncate */}

### Highlights

> You can now generate AI summaries of reports with `--ai`, or dynamically in existing reports. See [documentation](docs/markdown/ai/index.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now generate AI summaries of reports with `--ai`, or dynamically in existing reports. See [documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/multiqc/ai) for more details.
```
